hey YouTube I'm back today with eyes and
we're going to attempt to beat it on
normal mode alright here we go
don't even go without replay alright
here we go and turn my brightness up
just to help me see better now I know
that technique on how to get all the
moneybags I know it where every single
one is so or every possibility where one
can be let's turn up the sound
that always scares me okay so she's
downstairs
Oh
oh she got really close to this she oh
here comes lightning
I didn't see one nope all right I think
we're close don't worry
three more away two more
I'm running
all I need to do is get back to the exit
like the normal mode okay
there I could make it I can make it yes
okay oh man I was close all right you
can read that so now I have beat it on
easy mode normal load and now I just
need to be it on hard mode I'm gonna
leave this episode here thanks for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please leave your light put a comment on
what I should play next again thanks for
watching see you later bye